well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh 500 kids huh
500 kids
more than and we can't find their
parents
separated in 2017 years
years they've been bounced around the
system
some of them more than half their lives
i'll be honest i don't think we're gonna
find their parents
put yourself in their shoes in the
parent's shoes
you did something in hopes of giving
your kids a better life
only to have them taken because they
crossed a line without a hall pass
never to be seen again
what would you do could you bear it
i don't think we're gonna find their
addresses
i would imagine some of their addresses
are row and plot numbers
so uh my question in regards to all this
is whether or not we've made america
great again
if that's happened
are we respected on the international
stage
do we have the moral authority that
we once had that we thought we had
certainly these kids can't be blamed
so did we make america great again or
did his campaign
of targeted fear-mongering
create a nation that was so afraid of
everything
that we wanted to hide behind a wall
because we were terrified of toddlers
so he could create a deterrent
take punitive action which by the way
we're not allowed to do we have a treaty
that's backed up by the constitution
that says we can't do this
it certainly appears as though the
united states is engaged in the forcible
transfer of children
google that term
and he's saying we have to make america
great all over again
i don't know that we can bear it
i don't know that we can stand it
this is just one of the things that
we've uncovered
there's more there is more
make no mistake about it you know i've
said i don't think the president's good
very much he's really good
at ripping families apart
whether it be through his desire
to create a deterrent
or through apathy
and negligence when it comes to the
public health thing
this uh
this news story
is 500 new stories
should be each one should be covered
we should hear what
our apathy our willingness to turn away
what happened because of it
and i think we need to hear in the next
two weeks
because we have a decision to make
in this country and i don't know that
people really get it
we're not respected people aren't
looking up to the united states again
they're wondering how far down this road
we're going to go
because historically there's more to
come
it just gets worse
this president has destroyed
the moral fiber of this country
the fact that this isn't around the
clock news
as we try to reunite these families
shows how far we've fallen
we got work that needs to be done
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day